How can I eat,
knowing Jaden's
all alone out there?
(whimpering)
I can almost see him!
Me too.
Every time I see
deep fried food,
or any food for that matter,
I picture J scarfing it down.
Poor guy.
Hey!
That's Jaden's lunch!
I know, but trust me, he
would've wanted it that way.
I ate that shrimp
for you, little buddy,
wherever it is you might be.
Oh yeah?
Fine, then.
Jaden, that was for you,
to show you I care!
I'm sending out all
of my fried food vibes!
Crispy shrimp!
Make your way to Jaden!
I'm starving.
I can almost taste that
Duel Academy shrimp.
The problem is,
almost doesn't cut it
when you haven't
eaten in days.
I just want to see
a familiar face!
(echoing)
♪
♪ Chillin' out with the
crew in the school yard ♪
♪ Findin' trouble,
never lookin' too hard ♪
♪ Well back at class,
they never taught us this ♪
♪ Some things you gotta
learn, hit or miss ♪
♪ Tough times, hard climbs,
we'll take 'em on together ♪
♪ Right now, let's go ♪
♪ Yu-Gi-Oh GX, Generation X ♪
♪ Game on, get your game on ♪
♪ Come on, ya better
play your cards right ♪
♪ Game on, get your game on ♪
♪ We'll make the grade
and win this fight ♪
♪
♪ We'll make the grade somehow ♪
♪ Yeah, Yu-Gi-Oh GX! ♪
♪ Game on, get your game on ♪
♪ Come on, ya better
play your cards right ♪
♪ Come on and get
your game on ♪
♪
Gear Golem, is that you?
Jaden!
You're hallucinating, you twit!
Wake up!
You remember this
duel, don't you?
♪
Of course, it's my first
duel at the Academy.
Does my Ancient Gear
Golem scare you, slacker?
Aw, no way.
I've always wanted
to take one on.
(cackling)
Golem, attack!
Mechanized melee!
♪
Don't feel bad, this is the top
dueling school in the country.
Some people simply
aren't cut out for--
Boy, I really want to
come to this school now!
You really know
your stuff, teach!
♪
Now I play Polymerization!
So my Avian and my Burstinatrix
can join together!
♪
So meet my Elemental
Hero Flame Wingman!
♪
Then I play this, Skyscraper!
Go!
♪
All right, Flame Wingman,
go show those heroics
and attack that
Ancient Gear Golem!
♪
Fine with me, bring him on!
This silly little
Skyscraper field card
hasn't lowered my Golem's
attack level by one point!
What it's done is raise my
Elemental Hero Wingman's
by a grand total of 1,000!
Wait, time out!
Go, Skydive Scorcher!
♪
This can't be!
He was my very best card.
♪
That's game.
(monkey chattering)
♪
Wait, you're not Crowler.
Eek, eek eek.
You're having a
psychotic episode, Jaden.
You're reliving
duels from your past.
Eek eek.
Far out.
♪
So now, Litmus Doom Swordsman,
give Blade Edge a
taste of your steel!
♪
Well done.
Now, Hyozanryu, make me just
as proud and attack Clayman.
Diamond Devastator!
♪
There's more.
Next, I play from my hand
the mighty spell card,
A Wingbeat of Giant Dragon!
Now, by returning one level 5
or above Dragon type monster
on my field back to my hand,
all spell and trap cards
on the field are destroyed,
which means skyscraper
is now demolished!
♪
Finally, I'll end
with a facedown.
Well, I'll tell you, Bastion,
I don't think I've ever
had a more fun duel.
I've enjoyed it as well,
Jaden, and will continue to,
especially when I beat you.
♪
All right, Bastion,
time to end this!
♪
Sweetness, I'm gonna summon
a new Elemental Hero.
And here he is,
Elemental Hero Wildheart!
♪
New one, well he won't
make much of an impression,
I'm activating a
trap, Spirit Barrier!
Now, as long as I have
a monster on the field,
Spirit Barrier will change any
battle damage done to zero.
Nuh-uh, traps don't
work on Wildheart!
Is that so?
Well I suppose
it's a good thing
that they still work
on my Swordsman, then.
Remember, when a trap card's
out, his attack points go up.
It's all good, because I
play Cyclone Boomerang!
And I'll equip this
spell card on Wildheart,
raising his attack
points by 500.
♪
Now let's see what happens
when this boomerang
makes its return trip!
♪
Perfect, now I play
Boomerang's effect!
See, when this card and
the monster equipped with it
are sent to the graveyard,
all spell and trap cards
on the field are
automatically destroyed,
and then for every
one destroyed,
you take 500 points of damage.
♪
You beat me fair
and square, Jaden.
Rather, you beat this deck,
but you can be assured
that there will be another.
And another duel I hope.
Until then.
Yes, until then, Jaden.
♪
Hah!
Good times, good times.
♪
You don't get it,
do you, slacker?
You're losing your mind!
Well, what's left of it, anyway.
That can't be good.
Enjoy the flashback, loser!
♪
Dragon cannon, attack
him directly, now!
I don't think so,
Chazz, I have a trap!
A Hero Emerges!
Blast it!
A hero what?
Emerges!
As in, emerges
on to the field!
Because now, you have
to randomly choose a card
from my hand, and if it's a
monster, I get to play it.
So take your pick, Chazz.
Yeah, yeah, whatever.
The far right.
Sweet, Elemental
Hero Burstinatrix!
I'll play her
in defense mode.
That's what you think,
you slifer slacker!
When Dragon Catapult
Cannon attacks,
I get to chose
your monster's mode!
And you know what?
I choose attack
mode, which means,
not only will
she be zapped...
(explosions)
♪
...but your life
points will too!
Jaden!
(cackling)
Having some test anxiety?
Don't worry, it'll
be over, soon.
No way, Chazz, I
got a whole army
of vicious monsters in my deck
just waiting to get at you!
This isn't over, it's
just barely started.
My draw!
♪
What do you think,
Winged Kuriboh?
(hooting)
Well, all right,
if you say so.
Let's do it.
I summon Winged Kuriboh
in defense mode!
All done, huh?
Good, because now I
can cook that Kuriboh,
and I like mine well done.
There's about to be a fried
furball on the field, you loser.
You don't scare me.
No big deal, I don't
have to, that's his job.
Dragon Catapult Cannon, attack!
All right, secret weapon time!
I sacrifice two
cards and activate--
Where did he get that?
Transcendent Wings!
♪
It can't be!
Oh, it be.
Transcendent Wings has
evolved Winged Kuriboh
into a level 10 monster!
And it gets better, too.
By sacrificing himself,
Kuriboh destroys all
monsters in attack mode,
and deflects their attack
points back as damage to you!
Kuriboh, why don't you go ahead
and show them how it works!
♪
Lucky punk.
Lucky?
Nah, I just happen to have
a soft spot for old ladies,
but not for you, Chazz.
And that's too bad, because
with 1,000 life points apiece,
and my turn coming up,
all I need is
the right monster
and you'll be finished.
Here goes something!
Yeah, Elemental Hero Avian!
♪
Attack!
(cheering)
That's game.
Unless you wanna duel again.
♪
(monkey chattering)
Quit it!
Snap out of it.
Come on, wake up.
♪
You haven't eaten
a thing in days
and your body's
gone into shock.
You're sick, J.
Who, me?
Yeah, would you
look at yourself?
For goodness sake,
you're talking to a chimp.
Come on, you may be
cold and a bit boring,
but I wouldn't
call you a chimp.
You're in danger, just
like you were when we dueled.
♪
On my first move, I summon
Cyber Dragon in attack mode.
♪
What? How can you bring
a level five monster out
on your very first turn!
I can play my Cyber Dragon
because it's my
first turn, Jaden.
With no monsters out,
he requires no sacrifice.
And now I'll play
Mystical Space Typhoon
to destroy your face down card.
That was fast.
Not as fast as your life
point meter will go down.
Cyber Dragon, attack!
Strident blast!
♪
Next, I activate the spell card,
Different Dimension Capsule.
♪
It allows me to pick
any card from my deck.
Then I simply place
it in the capsule,
and in two turns I
get to take it out
and put it right
into my hand.
♪
Man, that's gotta be the best
card out of his entire deck.
I can't wait to see what's
gonna come out of there.
It's your move, Jaden.
Yeah, and I better
make it count,
because I'm starting to get
the feeling that not only
is this guy as good
as everyone says he is,
he might even be better.
But still, that doesn't
mean he's better than me.
All right, round two!
And first, I'll
rock Polymerization!
♪
And next, I'll roll
out Elemental Heroes:
Sparkman and Clayman!
And fuse them to create
Elemental Hero Thunder Giant!
♪
(roaring)
And since his special ability
destroys monsters with
less attack points than him,
your cyber dragon
gets vaporized!
♪
And the best part is since that
blast was just Thunder Giant's
special ability, I still
get to use his attack!
And since you're
now defenseless,
I'm gonna use it
directly on you!
♪
You could at least
kind of flinch.
Oh well.
Nice moves, kid.
Of course, with my
field now empty again,
I can just throw out
another cyber dragon.
♪
Or better yet, two,
I play Monster Reborn.
And with just one
monster in my graveyard,
you can guess
who's coming back.
But neither will be here long.
In present form.
Dragons unite!
Now, Cyber Twin Dragon, emerge!
♪
Now my dragon can
attack twice in a round,
which means double the
trouble for your monster,
and your life points.
Not so fast, I've
got a trap card out.
♪
(gasping)
A Hero Emerges!
Now, normally, you'd have to
randomly pick one of the cards
in my hand, and if it was a
monster, I'd get to summon it.
But since I only have
one card in my hand,
let's just get right
to it, shall we?
Wroughtweiler, defense mode!
You'll need him.
Cyber Twin Dragon,
Double Strident Blast!
♪
Glad you did that, because
when Wroughtweiler's destroyed,
his special ability activates.
It brings one Elemental Hero
and one Polymerization card
back from the graveyard
and into my hand.
And just when you thought you
could probably stop worrying
about them, huh, Zane?
I don't worry.
Man, you're chill!
Not worrying,
not even flinching?
You are good!
You too, Jaden.
Now where was I, oh yeah.
I was about to summon Elemental
Hero Bubbleman in attack mode.
♪
And since Bubbleman's the
only monster out on my field,
I can use his
special ability
to draw two more
cards to my hand.
♪
Transcendent wings
and winged Kuriboh.
An evolved Winged Kuriboh would
turn Zane's Cyber Twin Dragon
into a pile of cyber junk.
Then, its attack points
would be dealt
to him as damage.
That'd be enough to drop
his life points to 0
and win the duel.
But I can't summon any
more monsters this round,
so I'm just gonna have to
wait until my next turn.
Still, I won't have to wait
until next turn to
use another card.
All right, Zane, I play
polymerization, and fuse
my Elemental Hero Bubbleman
with Elemental Hero Clayman.
Now, Elemental Hero Mudball
Man, rise in defense mode!
♪
Now, give me your
best shot, Zane.
A shot?
You got it.
♪
It's been two turns
since I first activated
Different Dimension Capsule.
And now I can take the
card I first put into it
and add it to my hand.
♪
First, I'll activate this
De-Fusion card, which splits
my monster back into two
separate Cyber Dragons.
♪
Next, I'll activate
the magic of Power Bond!
♪
With this spell card,
I'm allowed to summon
a Machine type fusion monster.
And with another Cyber
Dragon in my hand as well,
I can now fuse three
of them together
and create the
Cyber End Dragon.
♪
Plus, its attack
points are doubled
because of Power
Bond's effect!
♪
Keep in mind, when
Cyber End Dragon attacks,
the difference between
his attack points,
and your monster's
defense points
are dealt to you as damage.
Cyber End Dragon,
attack Mudball Man!
Super strident blaze!
♪
(monkey chattering)
No!
That was the sweetest duel ever!
♪
Now that I'm gone, I
present you with this.
Jaden, you're Duel Academy's
top banana now.
It's an honor, I'll
wear it with pride!
Thank you!
♪
It's you, from last year.
And unless I'm still
nuts, these are bananas!
You're the best, Wheeler!
♪
You saved my life twice now.
I feel great!
I almost lost
it back there!
Thanks man--uh, monkey.
Time to get home!
♪
Bye, thanks for the memories!
All right, I've gotta be
close to Duel Academy now.
♪
If only there was a sign.
(crashing)
♪
♪ Chillin' out with the
crew in the school yard ♪
♪ Findin' trouble,
never lookin' too hard ♪
♪ Well back at class,
they never taught us this ♪
♪ Some things you gotta
learn, hit or miss ♪
♪ Tough times, hard climbs,
we'll take 'em on together ♪
♪ Right now, let's go ♪
♪ Yu-Gi-Oh GX ♪
♪ Game on, get your game on ♪
♪ Come on, come on
and get your game on ♪♪